---FIRST WEEK---
I made the style of the app and worked on design. 
I created a simple drawable file for icons background.
I created some of the app's activities. 
the app doesn't have any functionality at this point (except for moving between activities, and contacting the advertiser in one of the activities).

---SECOND WEEK---
I added registration and login activities (without functionality yet) and "forgot your password" activity that sends an email to the user's email with their password.
I made some modifications on various parts of my design from my previous commit.
I made a change in the plan of my application goal: instead of having a veterinarian actor, it will be pet care provider for broader benefit for both, pet owners and for people who are looking for pet care jobs.

---THIRD WEEK---
I created few more activities (welcome first screen, pet care services list, pet care provider's profile). yet the application still doesn't have any functionality.
I created one class to hold the pet care provider objects, but it may need some updates.
I also added the logo of my application.

---FORTH AND FIFTH WEEK---
for this time I combined two weeks because I was very busy and I thought I didn't make much production. However, in this iteration there're actually some interesting things.
I created some objects classes (still not complete in their final form)
I made few improvements on some of my previous activities.
I worked on the style and added transitions when enter and exit between activities, which gives the application a nice smooth and elegent look and feel.
For the list of pets that user has, i made a huge effort on this.. I wanted to make it like a horizontal scrolling listview, for the sake of good design, but unfortunatily listviews only scroll vertically. so i had to search and search till i finally found a solution to use a RecyclerView instead, which is an improved version of listview but more complicated. after i finally set it up to work correctly, i realized that's not how i want it to be! so i had to delete all that and make my current sulotion which is to use ViewPager with Fragments.
I'm currently working on the "Pet Profile", I made some nice visuals with the new material design CollapsingToolBar, and i made a class that makes a relative ImageView size (3:4) which gives consistancy over different devices devices. and for different sections of pet's information, they are in a ViewPager with different Fragments.
Even in this step of course i had some small problem that was bugging me, which is, inside one fragment in viewpager, i have a ListView and above it is a GridLayout, only the listview scrolls while GridLayout is taking a fixed size almost covering the whole screen. after a long search for a sulotion, i finally found one, is to make the GridLayout as a header for the listview.
There are some simple little things here and there to acheive some little goals, such as protecting background, by making a drawable layer xml file that's almost transparent at top but with little shade at bottom, so whenever there's an image with a text (title or so) on the top of it, that drawable layer comes between them so the text is clear to read.
I worked on making the application look as nice as possible in landscape mode too (previously, i was setting it to work only in portrait mode).
At this point, all my progress is on the design and the visual side, code is minimal. Next step plan after finishing "Pet Profile", is working on the database.

---SIXTH WEEK---
Made an aesthetic part, that is, in pet profile it has a slideshow of the pet's pictures
Worked on the calendar and schedule activities. 
Learnt and applied the best practises for loading bitmaps in application.
Found a solution for preventing returning to login/registeration screens after loging in.
Minor improvements here and there.
